.\"
.TH tvclipper 1 "October 29, 2015"
.SH NAME
TV Clipper \- Qt application for cutting parts out of DVB streams
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tvclipper
[
.B \-idx
.I indexfile
]
[
.I mpegfile
]
.br
.B tvclipper
.I projectfile
.br
.B tvclipper
.B \-generateidx
.B \-idx
.I indexfile
.I mpegfile
.SH DESCRIPTION
TV Clipper is a Qt application that allows you to select certain parts of an MPEG transport stream
(as received via Digital Video Broadcasting, DVB) and save these parts into a single MPEG output file. It follows a
``keyhole surgery'' approach where the input video and audio data is mostly kept unchanged, and only very few frames at the beginning and/or end of the selected range are re-encoded in order to obtain a valid MPEG file.
.br
TV Clipper needs to create index information on an MPEG file first. Therefore, when loading an MPEG transport stream file, it also asks you for a filename of an index file. If you choose an existing file, it is loaded and used as index if suitable. (That means, that TV Clipper performs some sanity checks on the index itself and also checks if the index describes the chosen MPEG file.) If you select a file which does not yet exist, TV Clipper creates the necessary index in place.
.br
TV Clipper is based on dvbcut 0.6.1-18 svn179 with patches for Fedora 22.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI "\-idx" " indexfile"
Use 
.I indexfile
as index.
.TP
.B \-generateidx
Do not show the graphical user interface, only generate an index.
.SH AUTHOR
TV Clipper was written by Lukáš Vlček <lukas.vlcek777@gmail.cz>.
